document different ways of setting up NC (#191)
nextcloud/integration_openproject: README.md

- configure the connection to OpenProject using `http://host.docker.internal:3000` as the OpenProject URL
- in OpenProject use `http://localhost:8080` as the NextCloud URL

> #### change the setup for testing purpose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Change the setup for testing purpose
```
just to maintain consistency

> ##### strip off Authorization Bearer tokens of HTTP requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Strip off Authorization Bearer tokens of HTTP requests
```

If the bearer tokens are not forwarded to Nextcloud the authorization cannot work and that needs to be detected by OpenProject.
Easiest way to do that is to disable `mod_rewrite` in Apache:
```shell
docker compose exec nextcloud a2dismod rewrite
docker compose exec nextcloud service apache2 restart
```
To enable it again run:
```shell
docker compose exec nextcloud a2enmod rewrite
docker compose exec nextcloud service apache2 restart
```

> ##### change version of Nextcloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Change version of Nextcloud
```

To test another version of Nextcloud change the nextcloud images in the `docker-compose.overwrite.yml`
e.g:
```
services:
  nextcloud:
    image: nextcloud:23-apache
    ports:
      - "8080:80"

  cron:
    image: nextcloud:23-apache
```

Please note:

> 1. only [apache based versions](https://hub.docker.com/_/nextcloud/?tab=description) will work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Only [apache based versions](https://hub.docker.com/_/nextcloud/?tab=description) will work
```

> 2. Nextcloud does not support downgrading, so if you want to go back to an older version, you need to delete all the volumes with `docker compose down -v` and start the Nextcloud installation again

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Nextcloud does not support downgrading. If you want to go back to an older version, you need to delete all the volumes with `docker compose down -v` and start the Nextcloud installation again
```

> ##### disable pretty URLs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Disable pretty URLs
```

> NC can work with or without `index.php` in the URL. The connection to Openproject has to work regardless on how Nextcloud is configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nextcloud can work with or without `index.php` in the URL. The connection to Openproject has to work regardless of how it is configured.
```

> By default, the docker setup in this repo starts Nextcloud without `index.php` in the URL, to change that we have to edit the `.htaccess` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the docker setup in this repo starts Nextcloud without `index.php` in the URL. To change that, we have to edit the `.htaccess` file:
```

```shell

> docker compose exec --user www-data nextcloud sed -i '/#### DO NOT CHANGE ANYTHING ABOVE THIS LINE ####/,$d' .htaccess

Reviewer 2: @individual-it What does this line actually do? How does it enable `index.php` in the paths? Could you please explain it a bit? What does `sed` command do? I am asking as I really want to understand in what state the installation will be in when I execute that command.

Author: done in 6690799ede93acf4dd6d67f7b9df3d2e9f9920b4

- configure the connection to OpenProject using `http://host.docker.internal:3000` as the OpenProject URL
- in OpenProject use `http://localhost:8080` as the NextCloud URL

#### Change the setup for testing purpose
##### Strip off Authorization Bearer tokens of HTTP requests
If the bearer tokens are not forwarded to Nextcloud the authorization cannot work and that needs to be detected by OpenProject.
Easiest way to do that is to disable `mod_rewrite` in Apache:
```shell
docker compose exec nextcloud a2dismod rewrite
docker compose exec nextcloud service apache2 restart
```
To enable it again run:
```shell
docker compose exec nextcloud a2enmod rewrite
docker compose exec nextcloud service apache2 restart
```

##### Change version of Nextcloud

> To test another version of Nextcloud change the nextcloud images in the `docker-compose.overwrite.yml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test another version of Nextcloud change the nextcloud images in the `docker-compose.override.yml`
```
